More docu on / vs // (#5963)
oscar-system/Oscar.jl: docs/src/Rings/intro.md

- `x / y` is a shorthand for `divexact(x,y)` and performs division within their parent ring (raising an error if this is not possible).
- `x // y` constructs a formal quotient, placing the result in a fraction-field parent.

> - For fields, `/` and `//` coincide.

Reviewer: Just to say, these are the methods we provide in AA:
```julia
src/Fields.jl:13://(a::T, b::T) where {T <: FieldElem} = divexact(a, b)

src/NCRings.jl:142:Base.:/(x::NCRingElem, y::NCRingElem) = divexact_right(x, y; check=true)
src/NCRings.jl:143:Base.:/(x::NCRingElem, y::JuliaRingElement) = divexact_right(x, y; check=true)

src/Rings.jl:58:Base.:/(x::ModuleElem, y::RingElement) = divexact(x, y; check=true)
src/Rings.jl:59:Base.:/(x::RingElem, y::RingElem) = divexact(x, y; check=true)
src/Rings.jl:60:Base.:/(x::RingElem, y::JuliaRingElement) = divexact(x, y; check=true)
src/Rings.jl:61:Base.:/(x::JuliaRingElement, y::RingElem) = divexact(x, y; check=true)
```

Reviewer 2: So line 23 should say rather that `x/y` is shorthand for `divexact(x,y; check=true)`?
Not sure how helpful that would be for a typical Oscar user, though...

```

!!! note

>     The above behavior applies to OSCAR types. For instance, provided `x isa RingElem` you can execute `x/2`, which will be an element in the corresponding parent ring. In contrast, for plain Julia numbers, `/` denotes floating-point division. As such, the result of `1/2` is a floating point number in Julia. We provide [more details on integer division in OSCAR.](@ref division_of_integers_in_OSCAR)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The above behavior applies if at least on of `x` and `y` is an OSCAR ring element. The other argument can also be a Julia integer, rational or float. For instance, provided `x isa RingElem` you can execute `x/2`, which will be an element in the corresponding parent ring. In contrast, if both `x` and `y` are plain Julia numbers, `/` denotes floating-point division. As such, the result of `1/2` is the floating point number `0.5` in Julia. [Read up for more details on integer division in OSCAR.](@ref division_of_integers_in_OSCAR)
```

>     The above behavior applies if at least on of `x` and `y` is an OSCAR ring element. The other argument can also be a Julia integer, rational or float. For instance, provided `x isa RingElem` you can execute `x/2`, which will be an element in the corresponding parent ring. In contrast, if both `x` and `y` are plain Julia numbers, `/` denotes floating-point division. As such, the result of `1/2` is the floating point number `0.5` in Julia. [Read up for more details on integer division in OSCAR.](@ref division_of_integers_in_OSCAR)

Reviewer 2: **Line 45:**
`... if at least ONE of...`;
I would be tempted to remove reference to Julia `float` values as a possible argument type;
Currently, in Julia a single `/` between `Rational` values produces a `Rational` rather than a `Float`.

Author: Ok. This is easy enough...

>     The above behavior applies if at least on of `x` and `y` is an OSCAR ring element. The other argument can also be a Julia integer, rational or float. For instance, provided `x isa RingElem` you can execute `x/2`, which will be an element in the corresponding parent ring. In contrast, if both `x` and `y` are plain Julia numbers, `/` denotes floating-point division. As such, the result of `1/2` is the floating point number `0.5` in Julia. [Read up for more details on integer division in OSCAR.](@ref division_of_integers_in_OSCAR)

Author: ```suggestion
    The above behavior applies if at least on of `x` and `y` is an OSCAR ring element. The other argument can also be a Julia integer or rational. For instance, provided `x isa RingElem` you can execute `x/2`, which will be an element in the corresponding parent ring. In contrast, if both `x` and `y` are plain Julia numbers, `/` denotes floating-point division. As such, the result of `1/2` is the floating point number `0.5` in Julia. [Read up for more details on integer division in OSCAR.](@ref division_of_integers_in_OSCAR)
```

Author: If I understood @JohnAAbbott correct, this is the desired form. (Just dropped "float" from this paragraph.)
